Explain the four pillars of object-oriented programming.

Answer 1 :-
four pillar of java;
1> Encapsulation:- in this process data and code are wrap into a single unit.
pros:-Security, code reusability

2> Polymorphism:- poly means "many" and polymorphism means "have many forms";
eg:- A data have many form;
pros:-code reusability


3> Inheritance:-inheritance means to adopt properties and behaviours from parent object.
when child class inherit from parent class you can reuse the properties and method;
pros:- code reusability

4> Abstraction:-its means hiding the complexity from the user.
Its hide the implementation and it will show functionality of the user.
pros: security,maintain




Question 2 :Differentiate between JRE, JVM and JDK.


JRE:- JRE means JAVA RUNTIME ENVIRONMENT;
JVM: JAVA VIRTUAL MACHINE;
JDK: JAVA DEVELOPMENT KIT;

JVM:- this is a virtual machine it means there is no physical weight,height and physical appereance.
virtual machine have two type :-
Virtual machine :- A software simulation machine which can perform opertion like a physical machine;
1> Hardcore based VM./System based VM.:-it provide several logic system on same computer.

2> Application baed VM./Process based.:-the virtual machine acts as runtime engines to run a particular programming language application

architecture of JVM:-
1 ClassLoader sub  system in which reads many .class files and store data in method area.
2: it resposible for 3 activities:
a> loading
b> linking
c> Initailisation

JRE :- Java run tim e environment. it is set of software tool which is used for java developing applications.
it is the implementation of JVM. its is physically exist.
it contain set of library and other files of JVM.

JDK :- Java development kit ,which is used to develop java application. it physically exist.
 it contain JRE+ JVM;

 JDK contain  java virtual machine, interpretor(java),a compiler(javac),an achiever(jar) and documentation (javadoc)
to complete the development of java application


